Blue Star deals more damage the closer you are to it. If you don't have enough white armor, run away.
Blue Star deletes EGO, avoid dying to it if you value yours.
CENSORED's Sacrifice work does not stop meltdowns.
Melting Love's disease does not spread.
Melting Love is immune to most forms of forced breaching, such as Flesh Idol and Nameless Fetus.
Mountain Of Smiling Bodies grows with every human body it eats. It also heals 10% for every body it eats, human or not.
Nothing There heals after not taking damage for a period of time.
The Silent Orchestra's resistances change every time a new performer shows up.
Lady Out of Space is immune to both white and black, and deals both white and black damage.
Any debuffs gained from Staining Rose are cleared after it breaches.
Breaking Titania's laws will deal massive pale damage to you.
White Night is not on a timer, nor does it evolve from Plague Doctor.
Blue Shepherd will mostly tell you truths when it speaks.
Do not let Blue Shepherd and Reddened Buddy meet, they get significantly stronger.
Der Freischutz can only fire in cardinal directions.
Piscine Mermaid will suffocate you and deal oxygen damage once she breaches.
If you run out of clay dolls for Doomsday Calendar, use a human body.
F.A.N.'s success % lowers upon every good work.
The healing from Child of the Galaxy scales with the amount of people with the buff. So does the damage upon meltdown.
Don't forget to core Golden Apple with a knife.
You only can work on Happy Teddy Bear once before someone else has to work on it.
All-Around Helper will melt your Health in melee. Bait out the charge, then strike.
Don't be fooled by the Pizza Party; Jangsen tiger will instantly kill all clerks and low level agents.
Listen to 680 KHz, and enter in the code for a work boost. WHISKEY. ECHO. WHISKEY.
Laetitia's gift just deals a lot of damage, it's not an instant kill.
Porccubus only requires 60 Temperance, and it will drug you. The drug kills you eventually, but does boost your stats temporarily.
Red Queen does a shitload of damage. Call out your work when you start so they can piece together what happened if you die.
Road Home's golden road will get you stuck on it until her death.
Rudolta will ignore you, and deal white damage regularly if you are within range.
Scaredy Cat will attach itself to any abnormality, and will take it's faction. If it attaches to a friendly abnormality; it will remain friendly.
Schadenfreude will remain active all the time if you are alone in the facility.
Close the door when working on Schadenfreude; if two people are looking at it, you will take regular red damage.
Scarecrow Searching for Wisdom will restore 30% of its health when killing someone. You can interrupt the process by dragging their victim away.
Silent Girl's ability can be cleared with attachment work on any abnormality.
Singing Machine does not have a reverse statcheck. Instead it will open and deal very minor white damage until closed.
Click on Siren with an empty hand to stop it's music.
The Watchman is not to be underestimated. He does not do any damage, but takes away your sight. This can even hide glowing abnormalities like Big Bird.
If White Lake does not have a champion, it will deal white damage to everyone.
Woodsman can take any body, not just a live one.
Put a body part into You Must Become Strong to replace it with a robot one; and gain a random stat bonus.
With enough fortitude, you can get a powerful gift from Beanstalk Without Jack.
If you die to Beauty and the Beast; you will become the beast.
Bloodbath's max PE boxes increases after 4 deaths. It also requires EITHER 40 fortitude or temperance, not both.
Balance your works on Book Without Pictures or Dialogue. Keep the page count low.
If one person dies to Grave of Cherry Blossoms, everyone else will have their debuffs cleared.
When exploding, Scorched Girl will deal 250 Red damage to anyone in its sight. It's usually the best idea to run when you hear the burning fuse.
Punishing Bird is mostly harmless for as long as nobody attacks it. It heals insane people as well.
When Crumbling Armor's Qliphoth Counter reaches zero, stand still, lest you be struck down.
Working Dingle-Dangle with 60 or more prudence, you will die, but will leave a gift.
Drowned Sister's work damage amount is decreased the more prudence you have.
Forsaken Murderer can knock you around.
Don't run from Fragment of the Universe.
Lady Facing the Wall will make you insane if you have less than 40 prudence.
Take out Meat Lantern from a distance to avoid being chomped.
While 1.76 MHz is breached, avoid hallways. Run through them as fast as possible if you must.
My Sweet Home has a massive AOE range, but low damage. Avoid dragging out the fight.
Don't forget to clear solitude on Old Lady.
If you lose your legs to Penitent Girl, ask a clerk to stitch them back on in safety.
Ppodae is very fast and has an AOE. Don't run, stand and fight.
It's best to wait for Today's Shy Look to smile before starting work. It even heals you.
Watch out for Simple Smile, it will steal your EGO. Fire from a distance.
Someone's Portrait will destroy the lights in the room. Don't be intimidated.
Every cocoon in Spider Bud's containment is someone that had less than 40 prudence or performed insight work. Destroy the cocoon to recover any items on the corpses.
If you don't attack Void Dream, it will go back to it's containment eventually.
Alriune glows slightly. Use this to find it, or avoid it.
Big Bird's Qliphoth Counter will reduce every time a person dies in the facility.
Big Bird's melee attack instantly kills any and all agents, regardless of stats.
Clouded Monk heals upon kill. Remove bodies from the area!
A Contract, Signed, will spawn shadow versions of abnormalities. Aside from that, he's harmless.
Locate Dimensional Refraction Variant immediately, and point it out to teammates. If you start taking damage and don't know why, leave the area immediately.
Clown Smiling at Me will seek out all humans, regardless of sightlines.
Dreaming Current will mark it's path before charging. Use this time to prepare a parry, or get out of the way.
The King of Greed is very dangerous! If you hear someone say she is breached, treat all hallways like your potential grave.
Servant of Wrath can be requested to help with any breached threats, at the cost of her stability. 
Whether The Knight of Despair is a boon or a curse depends entirely on the competence of the agent blessed by her.
The Price of Silence makes a short, but extra loud ticking sound about six minutes since it last got a good work. Your timer is halfway done, get it reset!
Ebony Queen's Apple has a plethora of attacks, be sure to dodge any markers that arise.
Express Train to Hell's work rate increases with the number of lights, so does the healing.
Don't attack The Firebird and it won't attack you.
Every work on Flesh Idol will heal all agents in the facility proporational to the PE generated. On the 4th work with Flesh Idol, it breached a random abnormality, but healed double.
Flesh Idol has a small selection of abnormalities it cannot breach, including Melting Love, White Night, and any abnormality that doesn't breach upon Qliphoth reaching 0.
General Bee will spawn groups of Bees that are lead by an artillery sergeant. This bee cannot attack directly, but will shell any agent nearby.
The Queen Of Hatred will get sad if people don't die for a while. Work on her to increase her mood.
Judgement Bird can kill anyone in pale II or less armor in two shots from full health. Pale III gives you another hit.
The Little Prince will hypnotize you to it's containment, and is the only abnormality to do so.
Il Pianto della Luna can be stopped by performing on the piano while breached.
Naked Nest drops cures for it's disease on every Good work result. You can tell when you're sick when your skin goes green.
Nosferatu heals from the blood on the ground. Make sure to clean it up!
My Sweet Orange Tree's disease can be stopped rarely by taking red damage, and a guarantee by lighting yourself on fire.
Queen Bee's spores can be removed if you stay at a high health value for long enough.
Shrimp Association Executive's preferred work is matched up with the flavor of each work type. Learn your lore!
Shrimp Association Executive will give you special wellcheers brand soda as well as advanced Soda weapons for clerks.
Killing Snow White's Apple will remove the vines she spawns.
Familiarize yourself with the lexicon before working on Sphinx for smoother work.
Thunderbird has a wide variety of skills including a dash attack, a lightning strike, and conversion. Be wary of this, and prepare yourself.
Warden gets faster for every person it drags under it's skirt, but it deals less damage.
Yang is friendly, and will help and heal you if it is alone. Don't let it die or it will cause a massive explosion that deals a lot of sanity damage.