As the Manager, remember that while democracy may keep your agents happy, sometimes you need to use your own judgement.
As the Manager, your responsibility isn't just picking the next abnormality! The bullets at your command are powerful tools, and they refill to full at the start of every meltdown and ordeal, so use them if they'll help! And don't forget to upgrade your bullet capacity and their healing!
As the Extraction Officer, keep note of the EGO available, and assist the manager in filling in the holes in your damage types.
As the Extraction Officer, be sure to dish out gadgets as well as PE boxes and EGO. They increase Clerk efficiency greatly.
As the Extraction Officer, give clerks abnormality chemistry equipment. They increase efficiency greatly.
As the Extraction Officer, sort your workspace. Use racks, vendors, and more.
As the Extraction Officer, your job is to keep track of everyone working and give ego to those who either earned it first, before general distribution
As the Records Officer, you can use a spraycan on a door with harm intent to color it. Remember, ZAYIN is green, TETH is blue, HE is yellow, WAW is purple, ALEPH is red.
As the Records Officer, you can delay an abnomalities arrival by 5 minutes with your Bronze Watch, it may be useful to delay a dangerous abnormality if the facility is struggling during a supression.
As the Records Officer, your silver watch can give information not even the manager has access to. Be sure to inform them periodically.
As the Records Officer, you are the number 1 distributor of information. Pin info on doors, send information via PDA or comms, read up on new abnormalities, and assist Agent Interns.
As a Clerk, RAKs can modify a Regenerator to change how it works. Use it in hand to change the specific function.
As a Clerk, you can cook at Training. Cooking is an art form.
As a Clerk, you can clean using a Janitor's Chemsprayer. By setting it to spray 5 units instead of 10, it will clean anything it passes over.
As a Clerk, you can butcher and destroy bodies with a Hunting or Kitchen Knife. You can do this to prevent enemies from benefitting from that corpse, as well as gathering tasty meats for cooking.
There are two kinds of clerks, Facility clerks have tools to help the facility as a whole, Agent clerks have tools to help agents more directly.
Agents are constantly in an arms race against tougher abnormalities and ordeals. If you can't keep up, try to help those who can.
Agents extract EGO slower than the Extraction Officer. Ask them for help with getting EGO.
The Disciplinary Officer runs the Emergency Response Agents. Make sure that you properly order your squad to murderball with you; It's a tried and true strategy!
The Disciplinary Officer has an extra cargo console in their office on the manager's floor. You can buy gear for your squad here.
Both the Disciplinary Officer and Emergency Response Agents have access to the discplinary department channel with :s. Use it to strategize 
Emergency Response Agents are a critical part of optimizing agents. Offload early ordeals to them as you work to prepare yourself for later ordeals.
Emergency Response Agents tend to benefit more from tools than regular agents do in the lategame. Make sure that you use tools when you are too injured to fight!
Emergency Response Agents get a +20 stat bonus when using non-EGO gear. Make sure to work with the Extraction Officer!
Sephirah are extra eyes in the sky. Keep an ear out for their uniquely robotic voice.
Various Representatives from other companies may also show up on this facility offering upgrades in return for refined PE. Make sure that you use them to their fullest potential!
