You can view your current attributes in the IC tab by using "View Attributes" verb.
Red damage is physical, whereas White is mental. Black is a combination of physical and mental, while Pale is done in percents of the max health.
Different abnormalities have different weaknesses. Pick the best weapon to fight them when they breach!
Working on higher level abnormalities will provide more attribute gains. Just make sure your character can survive the process.
Abnormalities have a limit on how much attributes you can gain from them. Zayins have a cap of 40, and it increases by 20 with each threat level. Only by working with ALEPHs you can get to 130.
Working on abnormalities whose level is higher than yours will hit you with a sanity damage, depending on the level difference. Same thing will occur when witnessing breaching abnormalities.
Each work type corresponds to the attribute type: Instinct = Fortitude. Insight = Prudence. Attachment = Temperance. Repression = Justice.
Fortitude attribute directly increases your maximum health and Prudence increases your maximum sanity.
Temperance attribute increases your work speed and success chance. It is crucial to have high temperance while working on the more dangerous abnormalities.
Justice attribute increases your movement speed and melee damage. The maximum damage buff you can receive this way is 230%.
The longer the round goes on, the higher attributes agents will have when joining.
Insane people will act strangely and have a colored halo around their head. Attack them with White or Black damage to restore their sanity.
Many abnormalities have telegraphed attacks telling when or where they will attack. Pay attention while fighting them!
Stay in department rooms to heal from regenerators. You can also use the sleepers located in Safety and medipens for additional healing.
Clicking on door with empty hand to open and close it faster. This helps with breaking line of sight with abnos and ordeals. Make sure not to lock your buddies out there with them.
Place a corpse of an ordeal in a door to wedge it open.
Spray painting the spawn windows with an open spray can on harm intent usually saves new agents from getting killed immediately.
LC13 abnos usually have similar work rates to base game, but their effects may be slightly different.
You can put your ID into your PDA, and then put the PDA into the ID slot. The now freed belt slot can hold any ego weapon for extra carrying capacity.
Don't like the UI? Change it in game preferences.
Examine an EGO to see what abilities it has.
Always exercise caution when dealing with something you're not completely familiar with! Even a helpful zayin can kill you if you think yourself above its rules.
It's proper etiquette to stop working on abnormalities when there is an ordeal going on.
It is strongly recommended to only do two works at a time before letting the next person in line go.
Generally speaking, a less efficient abnormality is better to work on for stats than a more efficient one with a long line of agents waiting to work.
Press z to use items that are currently in your hand. Imagine what wonders may come!
Stubbornness and determination can overcome any challenge that doesn't heal - our records department has provided you an infinite amount of "respawns", so don't give up!
Taking an abnormalities resistances into consideration is important, but that's not all that matters! A weapon doing 50 damage to a 0.8 resistance is better than one doing 30 damage to a 1.2.
Whenever you strike an abnormality that's immune to a damage type, red Xs will appear. If it absorbs the damage and heal from it, green crosses will appear instead.
